In the previous video, we already learn how
to configure an ip address in cisco router.
Next in this video, we are going to learn
about one command that I think this is so useful.
The command is end.
What is the function of this command?
Let’s just try it!
Here I try to enter global configuration mode,
and then go to interface fa0/1.
Here we can see that if we are in the global
configuration mode, the prompt is config,
and then after enter the interface fa0/1,
the prompt is config-if like this.
In this case, if we want to go to privilege
mode, we can type exit.
This exit is used to exit from interface configuration
to global configuration mode.
And then we need to exit again to go to privilege
mode.
So from the interface configuration to privilege
mode, we will need to type exit two times.
Rather than typing exit two times like that,
we can just using end command.
Let’s try it.
Go to global configuration again, enter the
interface configuration.
Okay here let’s try to use end command.
Here we can see that we are directly go to
privilege mode.
Okay, so the end command is used to go to
privilege mode directly.
For example, here from global configuration
mode, if I type end,
I also directly go to privilege mode.
So once again, the function of end command
is to go to privilege mode directly.
Okay I think enough for this video
Thankyou for watching and see you n the next video!